Figured it might help with coordination on what to fix or create to get the project working if we had a list we can update as needed
for the group to look at. Since this week appears to have issues with getting a total group meeting.
You basically just post what needs to be done or fixed(name any relevant files), and if someone manages to do so, they update the posting for that item. 

· 

